[docs] Update native plugin notice with support details (#8318)
apollographql/router: docs/shared/native-plugin-notice.mdx

<Note>
⚠️ Apollo doesn't recommend creating native plugins for the Apollo Router Core or GraphOS Router, for the following reasons:

- Native plugins require familiarity with programming in Rust.
- Native plugins require compiling a custom router binary from source, which can introduce unexpected behavior in your router that's difficult to diagnose and support.

> - Custom router binaries are not covered by GraphOS commercial support.

Reviewer: @smyrick what do we mean by this exactly? Does this mean we don't / can't answer questions about any custom binaries?

> Instead, for most router customizations, Apollo recommends creating either a [Rhai script](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/graphos/routing/customization/rhai/) or an [external coprocessor](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/customizations/coprocessor). _Both of these customizations are supported by Apollo_ and provide strong separation of concerns and fault isolation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, for most router customizations, Apollo recommends creating either a [Rhai script](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/graphos/routing/customization/rhai/) or an [external coprocessor](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/customizations/coprocessor). Both options provide strong separation of concerns and fault isolation. Both options are also officially supported by Apollo.
```
Tweak wording + separating two different concepts.
